Change Rancher security structure and content (#2024)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.12/reference-guides/rancher-security/selinux-rpm/selinux-rpm.md

Developed by Red Hat, it is an implementation of mandatory access controls (MAC) on Linux. Mandatory access controls allow an administrator of a system to define how applications and users can access different resources such as files, devices, networks and inter-process communication. SELinux also enhances security by making an OS restrictive by default.

> After being historically used by government agencies, SELinux is now industry standard and is enabled by default on SUSE distributions such as SUSE Linux Enterprise 16, openSUSE distributions such as openSUSE Tumbleweed and RHEL-based OS such as RockyLinux. To check whether SELinux is enabled and enforced on your system, use `getenforce`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After being historically used by government agencies, SELinux is now an industry standard and enabled by default on SUSE distributions such as SUSE Linux Enterprise 16, openSUSE distributions such as openSUSE Tumbleweed, and RHEL-based OS such as Rocky Linux. To check whether SELinux is enabled and enforced on your system, use `getenforce`:
```
